fix(css): descriptions on logical padding pages (#37085)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/padding-inline-end/index.md

## Description

> The `padding-inline-end` property is defined in the specification as taking the same values as the {{cssxref("padding-top")}} property. However, visually it appears like {{cssxref("padding-right")}}, {{cssxref("padding-left")}}, `padding-top`, or {{cssxref("padding-bottom")}} property depending on the values set for {{cssxref("writing-mode")}}, {{cssxref("direction")}}, and {{cssxref("text-orientation")}}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `padding-inline-end` property takes the same values as physical padding properties such as {{cssxref("padding-top")}}. However, it can be equivalent to {{cssxref("padding-right")}}, {{cssxref("padding-left")}}, `padding-top`, or {{cssxref("padding-bottom")}} depending on the values set for {{cssxref("writing-mode")}}, {{cssxref("direction")}}, and {{cssxref("text-orientation")}}.
```
